HTML

rel:
    rel attribute belong to link tag. It describs the relationship between html and linked document.

CSS
resets:
    not a super fan of resetter used as boiler plagte but for sake of tutorial I copy as it is. I commented what IHMO is not needed ATM

STRUCTURE
assets:
    learn to be a little more structured


Notes:
-- Semantic code describes the value of content on a page, regardless of the style or appearance of that content.
-- We want to choose a value that refers to the content of an element, not necessarily the appearance of an element.
-- Each heading level should be used where it is semantically valued, and should not be used to make text bold or big—there are other, better ways to do that.

-- strong vs b/bold em vs i/italic (remeber for next class)

-- <header>, <nav>, <article>, <section>, <aside>, and <footer> all block (div on steroids)

-- nav: The <nav> element identifies a section of major navigational links on a page. (Remeber Lora's note) nav is not talking about navigation as action/concept. It is talking also about navigation hierarchy

section
    article
        div
        div
        div
    article     article vs section: article MUST be indipendent and it may be redistributed. you can have section in section
        div
        div

By nature the anchor element, <a>, is an inline element, and, according to web standards, inline-level elements may not wrap block-level elements. With the introduction of HTML5, however, anchor elements specifically have permission to wrap either block-, inline-, or any other level elements. This is a break from the standard convention, but it’s permissible in order to enable entire blocks of content on a page to become links.

The type selector has the lowest specificity weight and holds a point value of 0-0-1. 
The class selector has a medium specificity weight and holds a point value of 0-1-0. 
Lastly, the ID selector has a high specificity weight and holds a point value of 1-0-0. 


The selector farthest to the right, directly before the opening curly bracket, is known as the key selector. 
The key selector identifies exactly which element the styles will be applied to. 
Any selector to the left of the key selector will serve as a prequalifier.

The pixel is equal to 1/96th of an inch; thus there are 96 pixels in an inch. FINALLY!!!